Document: add `backfill_order` option for create mv (#560)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: sql/commands/sql-create-mv.mdx

The `ORDER BY` clause in the `CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW` statement is allowed but not considered as part of the definition of the materialized view. It's only used in the initial creation of the materialized view and not during refreshes.
</Note>

## Backfill behavior and controls

1. `CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW` will first **backfill** historical data from the referenced relations, and completion time varies based on the volume of data to be backfilled.

> 2. To perform the operations in the background, you can execute `SET BACKGROUND_DDL=true;` before running the `CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW` statement. See details in [SET BACKGROUND\_DDL](/sql/commands/sql-set-background-ddl).

Reviewer: I don't think we need to mention this.

Reviewer: It's an independent feature to backfill order.

Author: <img width="1422" height="598" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/792c036b-b648-4a21-8f11-ee2d56ca3968" />
This was previously a tip. I moved it here since it's all related to backfilling. 😺 
Others all updated, please take another look!

> 3. To avoid join amplification during backfill, you can optionally specify `backfill_order` in the `WITH` clause to control the order. Use the `->` operator to define dependencies between tables, and the left table will be fully backfilled before the right begins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. You can specify `backfill_order` in the `WITH` clause to control the backfill order for different upstream relations. Use the `->` operator to define dependencies between tables. The left relation will be fully backfilled before the right relation begins.
```

    ```sql
    CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW m1
    WITH (backfill_order = FIXED(t1 -> t2, t2 -> t3))
    AS
    SELECT v1 FROM t1
    UNION
    SELECT v1 FROM t2
    UNION
    SELECT v1 FROM t3;

>     ```

Reviewer: In the above example, we will have the following sequence of backfill:
1. t1
2. t2
3. t3

    To view progress of each backfill fragment:
    ```sql
    SELECT * FROM rw_catalog.rw_fragment_backfill_progress;
    ```

    To inspect the structure of the running streaming job:
    ```sql
    DESCRIBE FRAGMENTS <mv name>;
    ```

    To dump a `dot` formatted graph of your backfill orders:

    ```sql
    EXPLAIN (backfill, format dot) CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW ...;
    ```

    <Note>
    - The `backfill_order` feature is currently in **technical preview** stage.
    - It is supported only for `MATERIALIZED VIEW`.

>     - Backfill order recovery is not supported. If a backfilling job restarts, the specified order will be lost, and all tables will backfill concurrently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Backfill order recovery is not supported for background ddl. If a backfilling job restarts, the specified order will be lost, and all tables will backfill concurrently.
```
